More links to attribute, flag and option documentation. (#14372)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/proofs/writing-proofs/proof-mode.rst

.. opt:: Default Proof Using "@section_var_expr"

   Set this :term:`option` to use :n:`@section_var_expr` as the
   default ``Proof using`` value. E.g. ``Set Default Proof Using "a
   b"`` will complete all ``Proof`` commands not followed by a
   ``using`` part with ``using a b``.

.. flag:: Suggest Proof Using

>    When this :term:`flag` is on and :cmd:`Qed` is performed, suggests
>    a ``using`` annotation if the user did not provide one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When this :term:`flag` is on, :cmd:`Qed` suggests
   a ``using`` annotation if the user did not provide one.
```

.. opt:: Default Proof Mode @string

>    This :term:`option` is used to select the proof mode to use when starting a proof. Depending on the proof

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This :term:`option` selects the proof mode to use when starting a proof. Depending on the proof
```

Author: Same idea.
